User Stories

Title: Web App Integration
Priority: 2
Unit (Story Points): 47 
Description: The application should be accessible to user without downloading any software.

Title: Dealing with Accents
Priority: 8
Unit (Story Points): 10
Description: Accents should not hinder the performance of the text-to-speech bot.

Title: User Enabled Formatting
Priority: 6
Unit (Story Points): 6
Description: Enable users to pick and choose what sections to include in their resumes, such as awards, experience, education, etc. The webpage should display a form to get these requests from the user and create a resume based on these requests.

Title: Unique Resume Templates
Priority: 8
Unit (Story Points): 3
Description: Provide users with a variety of unique resume templates to help them stand out.

Title: Aesthetics
Priority: 12
Unit (Story Points): 3
Description: Web page should be welcoming and colorful and should include a coherent color scheme that is not black and white. 

Title: Bulleted Lists for Sections
Priority: 5
Unit (Story Points): 20
Description: Enable the user to describe each of their sections within their resume with a bulleted list of descriptions for each project, work experience, etc. The bot should be able to parse a key word such as "bullet" to create a new bullet point for their description. 

Title: Add Links to Resume
Priority: 10
Unit (Story Points): 2 
Description: Allow users to embed hyperlinks to their personal website, LinkedIn profile, GitHub, etc.

Title: Enable Users to Edit a Previous Resume
Priority: 9
Unit (Story Points): 15
Description: Allow users to edit previous resumes that they have created.   

Title: Review and Edit Resume
Priority: 3
Unit (Story Points): 5
Description: Allow users to edit their resumes before it is finalized and changed to pdf if there are any errors.

Title: Microphone Quality and Background Noise
Priority: 2
Unit (Story Points): 30
Description: Program should be able to distinguish the user's voice from background noise. Microphone quality should not degrade the perfromance of the bot. 

Title: Output Resume as PDF 
Priority: 4
Unit (Story Points): 9
Description: Output final resume as a pdf file that the user can print straight from the web browser. 

Title: User Accounts
Priority: 11
Unit (Story Points): 40
Description: Implement a database to allow users to create an account to store multiple resume that they can make. 
